Two Settings areas face the customer directly, and this lesson reads both.
p02
In the left rail, open Customer Portal, then Portal Overview.
p03
This hub is the portal your client's members log into, summarized on one screen:
p04
its status, its address, and a version stamp.
p05
It's live. Treat it that way.
p06
Read the tile band.
p07
Registered members, logins today, average session, uptime, and the share on mobile.
p08
When someone reports the portal is slow or quiet, this row is your first read.
p09
Healthy numbers here move the problem somewhere else.
p10
Four cards sit below, one per configuration area.
p11
Branding, features, access, and content.
p12
Each card previews its own headline values,
p13
like the login method and whether one time passwords are required.
p14
You can answer most portal questions from these cards without opening anything.
p15
Below the cards, two panels.
p16
Recent activity lists what members did in the last day, including a security line:
p17
three failed login attempts from one address.
p18
Portal Health confirms the A-P-I connection, the certificate,
p19
and when the portal was last published.
p20
And note the button top right.
p21
Publish Changes pushes edits live to real customers. Support never clicks it.
p22
Open Branding and Appearance.
p23
Three tabs.
p24
Visual Identity holds the portal's name, tagline, logo, and header style,
p25
with a live preview underneath.
p26
Everything a customer sees before signing in gets styled here.
p27
There's a Save and Publish button at the bottom. We read; we never save.
p28
Next, Features and Modules.
p29
Every portal capability is a section here,
p30
from membership plans to gift cards to vehicle management, each with its own sub options.
p31
One catch: this page says nine of ten modules enabled, while the hub card said seven of nine.
p32
The two disagree.
p33
When you need the real number, read it here, and flag the mismatch.
p34
Open Access and Security, the page for login trouble.
p35
The Authentication tab shows how members can sign in:
p36
phone yes, email yes, membership number no, and no guest access.
p37
Below that, the one time password rules and the password policy.
p38
A customer locked out of the portal? Start on this page, every time.
p39
Then Content and Messaging.
p40
Welcome text, footer, contact details, and the FAQ list.
p41
Plain language a confused customer reads first.
p42
If a member quotes the portal saying something odd, this is where that wording lives.
p43
That's the portal.
p44
For a login complaint, check two settings, the login method and whether O-T-P is required,
p45
then look for failed attempts in the activity feed.
p46
Back to Portal Overview, and remember the rule: nothing gets published, nothing gets saved.
p47
Part two. In the left rail, open A-I Agent, then Overview.
p48
This is the automated agent answering your client's customers on web chat, text, and phone.
p49
The header says it's live on three channels.
p50
Same posture as the portal: everything here is read only.
p51
Read the metric band.
p52
Conversations this month, average handle time, a satisfaction score.
p53
The number to watch is containment rate,
p54
the share of conversations the agent finished without a person.
p55
Seventy eight percent here. When that slides, humans are picking up the slack.
p56
Three channel cards.
p57
Web chat carries the most volume and contains the most.
p58
Text runs through a provisioned number with quiet hours on.
p59
Voice is newer, still marked beta, with recording consent enabled.
p60
Each card shows its own contained percentage, so you can spot which channel is struggling.
p61
Now the capabilities panel.
p62
Six actions the agent can take on its own,
p63
from looking up an account to processing a small refund to escalating to a human.
p64
They run through secure platform A-P-Is,
p65
and each one can be switched off individually under Configuration.
p66
Open Configuration.
p67
Status tiles up top, including a refund cap of fifty dollars,
p68
then five tabs covering identity, channels, tools, safety, and the model.
p69
One caution: in the captured tenant this page renders as an unsaved form
p70
for a different demo brand.
p71
Read the structure, trust nothing as the live values, and never save.
p72
Next, Knowledge Base.
p73
These are the documents the agent searches before it answers,
p74
so it quotes policy instead of guessing.
p75
Tiles track articles, indexing, and the last sync.
p76
In this capture the table sits empty, which is a tenant quirk, not the real agent.
p77
Open Channels and Deployment, and keep your hands off the buttons.
p78
Each channel block carries a test control:
p79
send a test message, send a test text, place a test call.
p80
All three reach a real channel.
p81
None of them get clicked, ever, in the demo tenant.
p82
Read the uptime and latency, and move on.
p83
Then Conversations.
p84
The transcript log: who talked to the agent, on which channel, about what, and how it ended.
p85
This is your audit trail when a client asks what the agent actually said.
p86
Empty in this capture, and the Export control stays untouched.
p87
Escalations is the page to remember.
p88
When the agent hits a limit, a refund over the cap, an angry customer,
p89
a direct ask for a manager, or a stalled conversation, it hands off here.
p90
Each row shows the reason, the priority, and who claimed it.
p91
Don't click Claim Next; that assigns a live escalation to you.
p92
Last, Analytics.
p93
The monthly review view: volume, containment, escalation rate, satisfaction,
p94
and what the agent costs to run, per channel and per conversation.
p95
When a client asks whether the agent is worth it, this page is the answer.
p96
Export stays alone here too.
p97
Two areas, one habit.
p98
The portal hub answers login complaints through the login method and O-T-P settings,
p99
and the agent hands humans a conversation through the Escalations queue,
p100
which mirrors into the C-R-M Agent Console.
p101
You read everything and published nothing.
p102
Close Settings, and you're done.